# Volition

The road to healing is going to be a long one, stay the course. You will make it, someday, believe it, you're not an idiot, don't say that. Weave this into the story of you, walk out of its ruins, you'll get it in the next life, do what you can with this one while you're alive before it's too late. 

You do have something better to do, stay strong. You don't need to keep doing this to your yourself, we're not going to let you kill yourself by drinking it. There are plenty of  ways to find meaning in life, you **can** stop, just wade through the hell, month after month, year after year, you against the nothingness. It's possible because time is possible.  

You need to stop, you're killing yourself, the urge is strong but you are stronger, this might help against whatever comes next. You're not an idiot, don't say. This is a really big mess and this is all you have, but it's still something.  Streets and sodium lights, the sky, the world. You're still alive, you can do it, it's nothing. Do it for yourself. 

Easy, easy now. You clearly have issues you need to address, I know there's not much to say but if nothing else. **Just remember that you've made it this far, and it's just a bit farther now. I'm on your side**. Let's finish this, this is this is just one little thing, you still have everything else. Go on. Keep calm. Go over the whole situation in detail. It'll be okay, don't focus on the pain focus on doing your job.

There you are. It's okay. You can breathe now. It's just who you are. What can you do? You're a grown man. You're not 100% clear what you did here was *right*, but to hell with it. This is it. There's no turning back. No more pussyfooting about. You have to choose once and for all. Free from self-awareness. Don't give up but don't leave either. You just need to remain headstrong. Steal yourself. 

**Listen**. It's okay to take a few minutes to yourself. Sit down and have a breather. Stop taking this abuse. Whatever she says it can't hurt you. you're a different person now stronger, healthier and distance yourself from it. She's gone forget about it now just move on. Breathe in and walk away. That's right don't give up. Please don't cry. In honor of your shit. Which you kept to get together in the face of total unrelenting terror. Day after day. Second by second.

**The road to Healing is going to be a long one stay the course you will make it someday just remember that you've made it this far and it's just a bit farther now.**

#volition #myself 